What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
What 's the Olympic motto ?
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
Who is the father of the computer ?
What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
CNN is owned by whom ?
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
How long do flies live ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
What is Srpska Krajina ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
What country is the largest diamond producer ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
What is a fear of speaking ?
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
Where was George Washington born ?
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What does a woman want ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What are the Poconos ?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
What 's a water funnel ?
How has TV affected our society ?
What is a philanthropist ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
How do I find a web address for a company ?
What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
What is paracetamol ?
President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
What species is a colt ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
How old is the universe ?
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
What is the weight of air ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
How many pounds are there in a stone ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
How is energy created ?
What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
What does JESSICA mean ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
When do you plant winter wheat ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
What is chromatology ?
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
What is the longest-running television series ?
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
What does saliva consist of ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
What is a multiplexer ?
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
What are all the southern states of the United States ?
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
What constitutes an adult ?
What is a green bog ?
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
What are dingoes ?
When was the NFL established ?
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
What did The Gas House Gang play ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
What English queen had seventeen children ?
How old is the sun ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
What is a phalanx ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
What are all the rivers in Europe ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
When did communist control end in Hungary ?
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
What is multimedia ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
How can I get a CCT diagram ?
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
Who is the Voyager project manager ?
What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
Who was the architect of Central Park ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
What happened to Pompeii ?
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
What are all the different types of pizza ?
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
When was the bar-code invented ?
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
Who turned all he touched to gold ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
Colin Powell is famous for what ?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
What is DEET ?
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
Where is your corpus callosum ?
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
Who invented basketball ?
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
What are binomial coefficients ?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
What 's a Craps player called ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
What does VCR stand for ?
What will the weather be today ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
What organization has a Security Council ?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
Where is Rider College located ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
What is a pig in a poke ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
What 's bottled in jeroboams ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
How old is Benny Carter ?
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
Where was George Washington born ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
What is dew point ?
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What is endometriosis ?
How does a parachute work ?
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
How many horses are there on a polo team ?
What is the Internet2 ?
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
How many varieties of apple are there ?
How many types of lemurs are there ?
Name the country which Honecker lived in .
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
Who founded the Unification Church ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
What is platinum ?
How were the days of the week named ?
What is a serigraph ?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
What kind of science is cosmology ?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
What does Melissa mean ?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
How do you write a book report ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
Which is the best opening move in chess ?
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
Where is the Danube ?
What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
Where is Guam ?
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
What country owns Corsica ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
What is a fear of rejection ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
What international sport was originally called hurley ?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
How does a bill become law ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
What 's a short ton ?
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
What are chloroplasts ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
What is HDLC ?
What is the longest river in the United States ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
Who was Darius ?
What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What is the most radioactive food ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
What is a wop ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
How does blood clot ?
When did they canonize the Bible ?
How far out is the universe ?
Jude Law acted in which film ?
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What is the capital of Seattle ?
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
How tall was the animated Frankenstein
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
How often are brain cells replaced ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
What is the most common name ?
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
What are the Low Countries ?
What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What is the fastest computer ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
What president also became a supreme court justice ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
What are the two languages of Malta ?
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
Who is the Antichrist ?
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
What does LOL mean ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
What are the four elements ?
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What is a fear of strong light ?
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
When does menstruation begin ?
Where is Inoco based ?
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
What is hypertext ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
What time of year do most people fly ?
What is magnetar ?
What is a caldera ?
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
What is recruitment interview technique ?
What is April 's gemstone ?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
What is the best online games site ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
Who found Hawaii ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
How many events make up the decathlon ?
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
Define Spumante .
What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
What is the world record for the longest hair ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
A corgi is a kind of what ?
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
What does caliente translate to in English ?
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
What is the fear of frogs ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
What can be done about snoring ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
What country is home to Heineken beer ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
What is the average time to kiss somene ?
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
How high is the city of Denver ?
What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What is a conifer ?
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
Name four comic strips about pilots .
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
How do I start a bank ?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
What is Tetrinet ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
How do plants make food ?
When was child labor abolished ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
Where is McCarren Airport located ?
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
What is her husband 's name ?
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
Where do lobsters like to live ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
When was the Congress of Vienna ?
Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
What does Larry King do for a living ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
What 's the state motto of California ?
What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
What is infomatics ?
How did names come about ?
Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
What are liver enzymes ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
How do you dunk ?
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
What causes rust ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
What is a fear of sourness ?
How many maids were milking ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
What is a fear of glass ?
What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
What is AFS ?
What is humidity ?
What is after death ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What kind of crystals exist ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
What is time ?
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
How far is London UK from California ?
What is the executor in a will ?
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
What is New England 's highest mountain ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
Who is the owner of CNN ?
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
What is limbo ?
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
How do you throw a housewarming party ?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
What is a fear of everything ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What is Sinn Fein ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
What is the origin of the name Igor ?
What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
Who killed Martin Luther King ?
What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
Who 's The King of Swing ?
What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
How do I find a snowboarding website ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
Who made the first gas engine ?
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
How does a rainbow form ?
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
What state did Helen Keller call home ?
What nation boarders Mozambique ?
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
When did Amtrak begin operations ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
What was the Vietnam War ?
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
What type of currency is used in China ?
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
How can you define time ?
Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
What is the origin of infinity ?
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
What is cunnilingus ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
What is a fear of cold ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
What is tumbled marble ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
When is a woman most fertile ?
What killed Bob Marley ?
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
What is a wet dream ?
What is the virus HIV ?
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
Who is the richest woman in the world ?
Aspartame is also called what ?
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
What is a geoscientist ?
What were the first frozen foods ?
How many bones are in the human hand ?
What state is Mount McKinley in ?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
What are the alveoli ?
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
What are some good fractal web sites ?
How long does a fly live ?
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
Where do hyenas live ?
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
How big is the universe actually ?
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
What novel has Big Brother watching ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
How many people in Tucson ?
Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
What is the fear of being loved ?
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
Who sells Viagra ?
What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
Who created the character James Bond ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
What does Aaron mean ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?